Modify rule S6649: Add exceptions for x / 0 (#4967)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6649/java/rule.adoc

}
----

=== Exceptions

> No issue is raised for `1 / 0` statements, as they are considered voluntary failures.

Reviewer: I think we also don't raise for `x / 0`, so I would suggest:

```suggestion
No issue is raised when the divisor is the constant zero, as it is considered an intentional failure.
```

Author: I checked and you are correct, any constant denominator is excluded. So `(x + 1) / 0` is also not part of the rule.
